Three levels I worked on in my spare time from roughly July 2015 - September 2015 (Work in Progress)
Due to the size restrictions of GitHub, the video for Level 2 has not yet been uploaded. The game 
levels require Men of War: Assault Squad and the GEM editior that comes with it (available in the game's files) to run.

The Ardennes Offensive is a series of levels built in the GEM Editor of Digitalmindsoft’s game Men of War: Assault Squad. The project is intended to serve as roughly half of a short RTS campaign using the same assets and mechanics as the base game. The campaign is set in an alternate version of 1944 - 1946 where the German Ardennes Offensive was successful, prolonging the war by an extra year. The levels featured are the first (The Fall of Bastogne), the second (German Steel), and the final/sixth (The Battle of Antwerp). Due to the demands of school, work ,and other projects, I intended to work on only these three as a proof of concept. However, due to my getting an internship and the subsequent necessity to learn Unreal Engine 4 (i.e. working on the Hill 262 project), I was forced to cut this project short. Though I would like to finish these three levels (if not all six), these three levels are very much works in progress.

Level 1: The Fall of Bastogne
Level 1 was intended to be a short and easy level for both me as a designer and the player to complete. This was the first level I worked on and I had a job at the time, so I wanted this level to be a simple and straightforward, both for the limited time I would have for development and too allow myself to become accustomed to the editor. For the player, as it was the first level, it was intended to be fairly easy to comprehend: the player must move from one end of the map, through enemy forces, and capture the point in the town (Bastogne). The player will have ample reinforcements available and will be able to more or less brute force through the level, taking high casualties but calling in large amounts of replacements. The player will have limited but effective access to artillery to remove troop clusters and heavy armor to soak up fire, but will also have infantry to clear out trenches and buildings. While this level is the easiest to implement, it still needs a considerable amount of work. Most importantly, the reinforcements are not yet implemented, meaning that the player has only a small amount of forces to finish the level. While the player can call in a few tanks and troops, the currency needed to buy more does not yet replenish. The first order of business in completing the level will be implementing the reinforcement points, as well as adding the capture point and mission requirement.  In addition, I stopped working on the project before I could properly playtest the level, so that must be attended to as well as it is too difficult.

Level 2: German Steel
Level 2 was picked up a few weeks after I stopped working on Level 1 (I was intending to build all the environments first, then go back through and add reinforcement points, scripting, and missions after).  This level is set during the German push west through the Ardennes region and on to Antwerp (the goal for the actual offensive).  The level is designed much differently than the first one, requiring patience, caution, and forethought to complete. The player is given command of two “King Tiger” tanks and several squads of infantry for support. The player must swing around the map and clear the enemy out of a central town and the surrounding area, using the vastly more powerful King Tigers to eliminate enemy armor and troops while the infantry supports and covers the tanks. Currently, there are not reinforcement mechanics in place; however, I intend to add the ability to call out additional infantry squads. Additionally, I want to look at the possibility of calling in extra armor. While two tanks provided are certainly powerful enough to clear the map on their own, the combat mechanics of Men of War mean that a single lucky shot can destroy either one of them, making the rest of the level more or less unbeatable (that is to say, if both are destroyed).  I want to fix this by either giving the player the option to call in a limited number of less powerful tanks via the reinforcements menu, or creating a script that will spawn in some weaker replacement tanks when the first two are destroyed. In addition, I need to add a supply truck in the reinforcements menu, as ammo and fuel conservation are factors in the game. Next, I need to add the missions to the level (capture the ford, capture the motor pool, and capture the town). These missions will guide the player along the desirable path without blatantly forcing them to do so (I also am considering adding an objective to destroy the convoy on the road to guide the player around the back). In addition, certain areas of the map need to be reworked for balancing or flow. Firstly, the ford across the river is too cluttered and needs to be opened up a bit (as shown in the video). Secondly, everything after the motor pool needs to be playtested more thoroughly as it currently may be a little too difficult. While I was doing some playtesting myself just to ensure the difficulty was not too high, I had not finalized the area after the motor pool. To rectify this, I intend to break up the sightlines with more buildings or obstacles and remove the artillery near the town, in addition to adding the reinforcements. Lastly, the town needs to be occupied with more opposition so that a frontal assault isn’t viable, necessitating the player’s maneuvering around the map.

Level 6: The Battle of Antwerp
This level is intended to be the final one in the campaign, set in 1946 during the American and British recapture of Antwerp. The level is intended to be different from the first two, focusing on methodical street-to-street fighting and quick, deadly ambushes, reminiscent of the Battle of Stalingrad. The player (playing as the Americans) is tasked with first opening up the main street to allow heavy armor and equipment into the city, then swinging around the map and clearing the enemy headquarters on the other side of the town. As this is set more than a year after the actual war’s end, both sides will have liberal access to their most advanced equipment. Unfortunately, this level is by far the least complete of the three, as I was working on it when I was forced to switch focuses to the Hill 262 project. For starters, the physical environment needs to be completed. This entails adding the rest of the buildings, rubble, stamps, obstacles, and bunkers. Secondly, the entire level needs to be populated with enemy infantry and tanks (the ones in the video are just placeholders for the demonstration). This will take some of time as not only are there a large number of actors that need to be placed, but balanced as well. While the gameplay of the level needs to be high-stakes and deadly, it can’t be unfair or too frustrating. Next, reinforcements need to be added; which will be almost everything available to the faction. Finally, the objectives must be implemented as follows: clear the main street, capture the bridge, and capture the enemy headquarters.
